Isospora belli infection .	0
Immunotherapy of established tumors using bone marrow transplantation with antigen gene -- modified hematopoietic stem cells .	1
Prophylactic granulocyte transfusions during human bone marrow transplantation .	1

Autologous bone marrow transplantation versus intensive consolidation chemotherapy for acute myeloid leukemia in childhood .	1
Recombinant granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor after autologous bone marrow transplantation for lymphoid cancer .	1
Infectious complications of human bone marrow transplantation .	1
A controlled trial of fluconazole to prevent fungal infections in patients undergoing bone marrow transplantation .	1

Beneficial effects of hyperbaric oxygen therapy in Nocardia brasiliensis soft-tissue infection .	0
Allogeneic bone marrow transplantation in mevalonic aciduria .	1
Opportunistic infections with fungal organisms have been well described in patients undergoing intensive chemotherapy and bone marrow transplantation .	1
Five children with severe sickle cell anaemia underwent an HLA compatible allogeneic bone marrow transplantation .	1
Autologous bone marrow transplantation .	1
Urticarial contact dermatitis in food handlers .	0


Prevention of deterioration in metachromatic leukodystrophy by bone marrow transplantation .	1
In 13 patients , NOC complicated bone marrow transplantation .	1

Patient selection for and timing of bone marrow transplantation along with gene therapy .	1
Bone marrow transplantation for acute myelogenous leukemia	1
Comparison of autologous and allogeneic bone marrow transplantation for treatment of high-risk refractory acute lymphoblastic leukemia .	1
He developed profound bradycardia and hypotension , requiring treatment with calcium salts , dobutamine , isoprenaline and cardiac pacing .	0
Thyroid dysfunction among long-term survivors of bone marrow transplantation .	1


The abnormal thyroid studies were detected a median of 13 months after bone marrow transplantation .	1

In 13 patients , NOC complicated bone marrow transplantation .	1


Standard preventive measures must be implemented to control severe bacterial infections among subjects with diabetes in this socially and economically marginalised population group .	0
A controlled trial of fluconazole to prevent fungal infections in patients undergoing bone marrow transplantation .	1
Case-control studies .	0
The frequency , type and severity of infections in the relatively young patients result in high personal costs to the community and financial costs to the health care system .	0
Thyroid dysfunction among long-term survivors of bone marrow transplantation .	1

The effects , although serious , are self-limiting and recovery within 48 hours is the rule provided adequate support is given .	0
The role of epidemiological evidence .	0
Graft-versus-host disease , both acute and chronic , continues to be the major complication of human bone marrow transplantation .	1
In this case of N brasiliensis mycetoma involving the lower extremity , the conventional management of surgery and antibiotic therapy was unsuccessful , and only with the addition of hyperbaric oxygen therapy did clinical recovery occur .	0
We discuss the clinical course of these 8 patients and offer a clinical approach to RSV infection occurring after bone marrow transplantation .	1

Bacterial meningitis in children under five years of age in Western Australia .	0
A national survey of immunization practices following allogeneic bone marrow transplantation .	1
It is likely that both patients acquired Isospora belli before they become HIV seropositive .	0


Beneficial effects of hyperbaric oxygen therapy in Nocardia brasiliensis soft-tissue infection .	0
We conclude that recipients of bone marrow transplantation have a low but significant risk of a secondary cancer , particularly non-Hodgkin s lymphoma .	1
Intravenous immunoglobulin for modification of cytomegalovirus infections associated with bone marrow transplantation .	1
In this case of N brasiliensis mycetoma involving the lower extremity , the conventional management of surgery and antibiotic therapy was unsuccessful , and only with the addition of hyperbaric oxygen therapy did clinical recovery occur .	0
Solid cancers after bone marrow transplantation .	1
He developed profound bradycardia and hypotension , requiring treatment with calcium salts , dobutamine , isoprenaline and cardiac pacing .	0

Autocrine angiogenic vascular prosthesis with bone marrow transplantation .	1
As calcium channel blockers are more widely used , self-poisoning will become more common .	0
To date treatment has been based on a steady increase in cytotoxic chemotherapy with or without the addition of bone marrow transplantation .	1

Thyroid dysfunction among long-term survivors of bone marrow transplantation .	1

Use in children undergoing bone marrow transplantation .	0
Patients undergoing bone marrow transplantation are highly susceptible to infectious complications .	1
Corticosteroids maybe useful and spare patients from bone marrow transplantation .	1
As calcium channel blockers are more widely used , self-poisoning will become more common .	0
Diffuse fasciitis after bone marrow transplantation .	1

Beneficial effects of hyperbaric oxygen therapy in Nocardia brasiliensis soft-tissue infection .	0
Immune-mediated cytopenia following bone marrow transplantation .	1







Immunoglobulin therapy in bone marrow transplantation .	1
We discuss the clinical course of these 8 patients and offer a clinical approach to RSV infection occurring after bone marrow transplantation .	1