Global convergence of genetic algorithms : A Markov chain analysis .	1
Global Convergence of Stochastic Gradient Descent for Some Non-convex Matrix Problems	1
Stochastic Convex Optimization : Faster Local Growth Implies Global Convergence	1
The proof of global convergence of ADMM can be found in 13 , 4 .	1
A modified bfgs method and its global convergence in nonconvex minimization .	1
Our work focuses on global convergence but only in the fully sampled case ; we will extend the global convergence results to the undersampled case in future work .	1
5 2 Proof of the theorem about global convergence .	1

We first characterize global convergence in this case .	1
Global convergence is guaranteed 12 .	1
The question of global convergence is currently open 30 , 25 .	1

Global Convergence of Online Limited Memory BFGS	1
As a result , we have the following theorem on global convergence of Algorithm 2 .	1

Nevertheless , global convergence to the optimal solution is guaranteed via our proofs .	1
be a proof guaranteeing global convergence .	1
This also guarantees global convergence to the optimal design .	1
4 is convex and can be solved by various methods with guaranteed global convergence .	1
The global convergence of FGM has been verified .	1
Figure 7 : Verifying the global convergence	1
Theorem 3 5 Global convergence for adaptive- variant over D .	1
We further prove the global convergence of our algorithm .	1
Theorem 4 1 Global convergence , with lim supi t i t , for some 0 t 1 .	1
Theorem 4 2 Global convergence , with lim supi t i 0 .	1
Theorem 1 Global Convergence of GROUSE .	1
In contrast , Theorem 1 gives a global convergence guarantee .	0
FIRST ORDER GLOBAL CONVERGENCE	0

Note that the word global convergence is a misnomer .	1
Learning automata algorithms for connectionist systems - local and global convergence .	0 ?? 1
3 1 Global convergence	1
The sufficient and necessary conditions for global convergence and the convergence rate of this algorithm are discussed .	1
Global convergence of splitting methods for nonconvex composite optimization .	1
We also prove the global convergence of GAEM theoretically .	1
Theorem 3 2 Global convergence .	1
Global Convergence Theorem .	1
Global convergence of online limited memory BFGS .	1
2 3 New Optimization Algorithm and Its Global Convergence	1
, 8 and was the smallest value enough to achieve global convergence .	1

Global Convergence To prove the global convergence of LADMPSAP , we first have the following propositions6 .	1
2 2 Fixed points and a condition for global convergence .	1
that the global convergence rate is sufficiently	0
stochastic gradient descent achieves global convergence at a sublinear rate .	1
When applied to general smooth and strongly-convex functions , one can not guarantee global convergence .	1
Moreover , we can further prove the sufficient and necessary condition for global convergence .	1
B 2 4 Global Convergence Finally , we can use Xu and Yin , 2012 , Lemma 2 6 to establish global convergence of SPARFA-M .	1
Theorem 8 Global convergence of CCCP-II .	1
Global convergence can be proved in a similar way to Theorem 3 .	1
We prove GAEM s global convergence theoretically .	1
Fast global convergence of online PCA .	1
To ensure global convergence , one can incorporate an existing globally convergent method , e g .	1

On the global convergence of stochastic fictitious play .	1
In particular , there is no known global convergence rate .	0

Theorem 4 shows the global convergence of our PALM algorithm .	1
5 2 Proof of the theorem about global convergence	1

In this work , we analyze its global convergence behavior by using results from the global convergence theory of iterative algorithms .	0
To achieve the faster global convergence ,	1
until the global convergence of the algorithm .	1
ary point , and by definition of the global convergence	1
analogously to the 1 case , for which global convergence	1

GLOBAL CONVERGENCE TO FIRST-ORDER	1
the first to establish global convergence for	1


Here , global convergence means that the algorithm always converges to a local optimum .	1
A method that guarantees global convergence is the trust region method Conn et al , 1993 .	1

Unfortunately , when f FL but f F2 , these theoretical results on the global convergence and the global convergence rates are no longer applicable .	1
This augmented Lagrangian method has provable global convergence .	1
2 Global convergence of MiFB	1
Stochastic Convex Optimization : Faster Local Growth Implies Faster Global Convergence	1
2 2 Global convergence	1


Theorem 2 1 of Lin and More 1999 implies the global convergence .	1
Thus one would expect to achieve global convergence for the problem of 8 provided	1
This property sometimes referred to as global convergence Nocedal and Wright , 2006 : Theorem 2 Global convergence .	1
4 1 Monotonicity and global convergence	1
Global convergence and empirical consistency of the generalized lloyd algorithm .	1
4 Global Convergence for ASD	1
hardly works to show the global convergence .	1