

Constructing combinatorial designs by local search .	1

Finding such a partition optimally is hard , so we resort to local search .	1
Example of the most representative elements found by local search for constraints l 5 and k 3 .	1



A local search approximation algorithm for k-means clustering .	0
We suppose that local search for empirical PB empirical MAP looks for this solution .	1
2009a provided a 1 5 - -approximation based on local search .	1
5 Local search on the fourth order cumulant	1
2 2 Local Search Using a Redundancy Filter	1

Moreover , unlike for local search , the 1 3 approximation holds already after the first iteration .	1
A similar local search	1
A local search approximation algorithm for K-means clustering .	0
Iterative clustering of high dimensional text data augmented by local search .	1
Local search based floating search SFFS1 .	1
Grammar Induction : Beyond Local Search	1
Nevertheless , we experimentally show in Section 5 that local search for empirical PB and empirical MAP behaves like local search for empirical VB .	1
4 Structure learning using local search	1
hybrid local search	0 ?? 1
Learning evaluation functions to improve optimization by local search .	1
Improved Local Search in Bayesian Networks Structure Learning	1
As shown in 6 , local search with sum product initialization empirically performs better than with max product , so later on , we only compare the results with local search using sum product initialization LS .	1
Global optimality of local search for low rank matrix recovery .	1
Even worse , local search for empirical MAP tends to result in 2 0 .	1

We also report the results of random permutation 3 and random local search 3 .	1 ?? 0
Continuous local search .	0 ?? 1
Local Search Solver	0
Cuts Local is running local search from the structure found by the Cut algorithm .	1

Noise strategies for improving local search .	1
2011 apply multi-start local search .	1 ?? 0
when interleaved with local search achieves fast con-	1

Thus it can be used efficiently in heuristic local search .	1


2Contrast with local search , e g .	1
Otherwise , local search chooses an-1 .	1
3 2 Local Search for ETPs	1



This allows an explicit efficient local search over ordered partitions .	1
The same distributions were used for local search .	1
Since local search is a sequential decision process .	1
The counter approach to local search is to use global search of the free parameter space .	1


method and the local search .	1
Profile-Hidden Markov Model to the sequences through a local search .	1
Local search for balanced submodular clusterings .	1
4 1 Algorithms : Agglomerative clustering and local search	1
The factorization yields accurate approximate solutions which can be further refined by local search .	1

Local search consistently found lower-error factorizations .	1
At the first iteration , local search chooses an .	1
Policy search methods rely on local search in a restricted policy space .	1
Global Optimality of Local Search for Low Rank Matrix Recovery	1
Iterated local search .	1 ?? 0
2011b showed , via a different analysis , that the same local search	1
600 Concave relaxation Local search	0 ?? 1
4 Stochastic Local Search	0
Fine-tuning of algorithms using fractional experimental design and local search .	1
We have presented an extension to local search that uses RL to enhance the local search cost function for a particular optimization problem .	1
Finally , a natural alternative to greedy is local search .	1
0 00268 Best hyperplane rounding of Fiedler Vector 0 00232 Best improvement with local search	1
A New Extension to Local Search Applied to the Dial-ARide Problem .	1
-interchange Procedures for Local Search in a PrecedenceConstrained Routing Problem .	1
Local search for multiobjective function optimization : pareto descent method .	1

and a local search .	1
Approximating MAP using local search .	1
We then proposed the window operator for local search , already known as block insertion BenDaya and Al-Fawzan , 1998 in the literature of local search .	1
Local search for hamiltonian path with applications to clustering visitation paths .	1
For estimating 0 , they propose a local search starting at 0 .	1
the search space for the local search of a directed model .	1
Operators for Local Search in the Space of the Orderings	1
local search 3 , or integer programming methods 2 .	1